Device setup instructions for configuring devices for use in the application:

Tapo P110 Smart Plug Lights (or other plugs as listed in the 'tapo' package) ----
1. If using existing account, login to the TP-Link Tapo application with the account details in the .env file in python_services
2. If making new account, create a TP-Link cloud account and loging to the app 
3. (if add more Tapo P110 smart plugs) press and hold on the power button on the side of the smart plug for 10s while it is connected 
to power before releasing the button. The light should flash between green and orange or just be flashing.
4. Go back to the app, go through the process of adding a device, selecting P110 or whatever compatible smart plug with the 'tapo'
package you are installing
5. select wifi setup
6. connect the device you are using the app on to the wifi broadcast by the plug
7. continue the process, if outdated firmware, do update
8. Go to settings and turn on third-party support? If option is already selected, turn it off and on again (unsure why but this
is needed when adding new devices while the option is already selected).

Samsung QM65C Smart Displays (or in theory any that accept MDC) ----
1. System settings, 
    Auto power on --> off
    Power saving --> off
    Standby control --> off (or leave at auto for magicinfo)
    remove configuration --> ON (needed to keep the connection alive as MDC is via TCP)

2. Power and energy savings
    No Signal power off --> off
    Auto power off --> off
    (these might conflict)

3. Security
    Remote Management --> Allow
    

Recommended to set a device name in Network Settings

EPSON EB-PU1007W WUXGA 3LCD Projectors (in theory also any projectors with PJLINK compat.) ----
1. In advanced network settings, enable PJLINK control and add a PJLINK password
2. turn off anything related to auto power off etc.
3. Enable any options for keeping it awake and listening its ports

Computer setup ----
1. turn off windows fast startup 
	Control Panel → Power Options → Change plan settings -> change what power buttons do -> turn off fast startup
2. Advanced Network Adapter Settings - Complete Check
	Open Device Manager → Network Adapters → Your Ethernet Adapter → Properties:
	Power Management Tab:

	Enable Allow this device to wake the computer
    Enable Only allow a magic packet to wake the computer
	Disable Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power

   Advanced Tab - Check ALL of these if the pc has:
	Look for and set these values:

	Wake on Magic Packet: Enabled
	Wake on Pattern Match: Enabled (if available)
	WOL & Shutdown Link Speed: Not Speed Down or 10Mbps First
	Energy-Efficient Ethernet (EEE): Disabled
	Green Ethernet: Disabled
	Power Saving Mode: Disabled
	Advanced EEE: Disabled
	Gigabit Lite: Disabled
	Ultra Low Power Mode: Disabled

3. BIOS Settings - Detailed Check
	Different BIOS have different names for these:
	Power Management Section:

	Wake on LAN: Enabled
	Wake on PCI-E/PCI: Enabled
	Wake on PME: Enabled
	Resume by PCI-E Device: Enabled
	Resume by Onboard LAN: Enabled

	Advanced Power Settings:

	ErP Ready/Support: Disabled
	Deep Sleep: Disabled
	Restore AC Power Loss: Power On or Last State

	Network Stack: Enabled

4. RESERVE IP on router for PC
5. note: computer must be on for device to be added (wont show on the network although it is listening)
6. set up ssh server on the computer

    In windows powershell with admin perms run these commands

    Add-WindowsCapability -Online -Name OpenSSH.Server~~~~0.0.1.0

    # Start the SSH service
    Start-Service sshd

    # Set it to start automatically on boot
    Set-Service -Name sshd -StartupType 'Automatic'

    # Verify it's running
    Get-Service sshd

    New-NetFirewallRule -Name sshd -DisplayName 'OpenSSH Server (sshd)' -Enabled True -Direction Inbound -Protocol TCP -Action Allow -LocalPort 22

